Add procedure for 3rd party repos (#2004)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_using-a-third-party-repository.adoc

[id="Using_a_Third_Party_Repository_{context}"]
= Using a Third Party Repository

> In this scenario, you use a third party repository to sync content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this procedure to synchronize content from a third party repository.
```

.On a connected server

> . In the connected server of the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Product*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Product*.
```

. Click on the third party product.

> . Click over the third party repository.

Reviewer: What does `over` mean in this context? perhaps `click on` or `click the` would be better.

On this page, you can see the link in front of *Published At:*.

> Copy the information in the link.

Reviewer: Is this about copying the link itself or copying the stuff it takes you to when clicking the link?

> Copy the information in the link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Copy the information in the link.
```

.On a disconnected server
You need to create your third party product and third party repository.
Create your third party product with the following:

> . Upstream URL: This is the same information copied from the steps in the connected server.

Reviewer: I would probably just repeat the procedure to copy it. This also goes with what I said in this comment.

> . SSL CA Cert: You can select the SSL certificate that was created from your connected one.

Reviewer: What is `one` in this context?

> You can then sync your custom repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then synchronnize your custom repository.
```
